To you, the devoted player: (disclaimer: yapping below)

First, I’d like to congratulate you on conquering what I believe is the first “poem game boss fight” ever implemented in a DDLC mod!
(I was almost tempted to announce this boss fight on April 1st to see how many people would believe me XD.)
It wasn’t created to be a super easy challenge, but I hope that it wasn’t too infuriating to get through. (Well, not really, to be honest.)

Speaking of challenges, I want to share my sincere appreciation and gratefulness for the mastermind behind the programming of this mod,
all the way down to the boss fight. Chino has been amazing to work with so far,
and seeing his dedication to figuring out how to get everything to work just right for this particular poem game has been amazing.
When I was initially writing the dialogue and mechanics for the boss fight, my main concern was…
well, poem games aren’t something you see in many DDLC mods. Heck,
I can’t remember the last time I’ve seen anyone implement the poem game in the same sort of way Celebration! uses it
(that is to say, very similarly to base DDLC).
With that in mind, the chances of the creation of an entire poem game “boss fight” being anywhere near an easy task were…
non-existent, to say the least.
I’ve probably said this several times before, but none of this would ever have been possible without Chino.
So again, thank you so much for your hard work!

Now… I know my plans for the Celebration! mods have changed multiple times, but I also know
some of you might be wondering why I wrote Her Story, Silver & Emerald, and the most recent patch release of Celebration! the way I did.
Well… to quote mystman12, “there is a story I’d like to tell.”
I know there’s many of you who are probably content with the mods already out there that explore
meta, influence from somebody in the real world, and other story elements like those.
But the way I’m writing this set of mods isn’t like anything that’s been released in the DDLC modding community from what I’ve seen,
and the poem game “boss fight” is sort of an example of this.
The Celebration! mods don’t and will not just focus on the random guy who yells at you during the poem game
and how he changes the game to include popular mod elements. They focus and will continue to focus heavily
on those mod elements themselves, because they deserve to be further recognized and appreciated in their own ways, shapes, and forms.

So, what’s coming next from Tiny Waffle Studios?
My current plan is to focus on writing Act II of DDMC Celebration! and see about releasing a teaser or two in the second half of 2024,
because if I’m being honest, I don’t expect to be released this year.
I really want to take my time with writing from here on out due to how many layers I’ve established already for the mods.
For that reason, I hope you’ll be patient as we work to continue telling this story,
because I have a lot of ideas that I’d like to try and make happen that I hope will be worth the wait.
I also hope you won’t be too upset to hear that from now on, release windows and dates for our mods
will not be publicly announced beyond windows like “2024” or “2025” or things like that.
I’ve gotten too excited about releases after announcing dates and pushed release dates forward because of that,
so I really want to make sure I’m stopping myself from releasing anything before it’s truly ready to go.

With all of that being said, thank you for taking the time to read all of this,
whether you’re watching a playthrough of this mod or playing it yourself.
If you have any ideas for the Celebration! mods, feel free to reach out to me,
I’d love to hear ideas from you all even if the main outline of the full story is just about set in stone now.

I hope you have a great rest of your day!

- cpcantimark
(Director/writer/composer)



(P.S. I want to give a quick shoutout to my game design teacher for all of the help he provided me in becoming confident in this field.
This career is my dream job, so his classes were a huge help and I can never thank him enough.)
